(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] Now, let's work through a solution
to the Spring Boot Actuator challenge.
As a reminder, the challenge was to expose one
and only one Spring Boot Actuator endpoint,
the health endpoint, from our DemoApi application
as a JMX Bean to VisualVM.
So, let's talk through how this is done.
The one configuration we need to add to the repository
is the exposure application property.
In this fashion,
management endpoints jmx.exposure.include=health.
This is the endpoint we're interested in exposing,
management endpoints JMX exposure,
and see, it's kind of analogous
to the web exposure endpoints
that we'd been working with all along.
There's also one other property
that you inherited in the repository,
which is to enable JMX at the spring level,
no need for you to enter that yourself.
So, this one property should be all we need
in order to meet the challenge
and see if we succeeded.
Here's our running DemoApi application, the MBeans tab now.
We get this MBeans because we installed this plugin
as the Mbean browser.
Org springframework.boot on the left side,
so is our collection of actuator endpoints.
And we have one single endpoint surface tier,
as we're trying to do.
You can see here in the operations tab,
the value for that particular endpoint is out of service
because now happens to be the weekend.
When you run this, this might or might not be the weekend.
So there, that is one way to solve this challenge.
Well done.